TFKUBE-339: Added the documentation for product versions (#172)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/configuration/JIRA_CONFIGURATION.md

`jira_helm_chart_version` sets the [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts){.external} version of Jira instance.

```terraform
jira_helm_chart_version = "1.2.0"
```

### Jira version tag

> Jira Software will be installed with the default version defined in Hem chart. If you want to install a specific version of Jira software, you can set the `jira_version_tag` to the version you want to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jira Software will be installed with the default version defined in its [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/blob/7e7897dda093b174ce66b4294b0783663a4eddaf/src/main/charts/jira/Chart.yaml#L6). If you want to install a specific version of Jira software, you can set the `jira_version_tag` to the version you want to install.
```
